Fixed `current_window` bug on winforms (#1899)
beeware/toga: changes/1895.bugfix.rst

> Modified to properly implement `current_window` on windows platform.

Reviewer: This should be a misc, not bug fix; it's an update to a bugfix that is already listed in the in-progress release.
```suggestion
The implementation of ``current_window`` on Winforms was corrected.
```
